ISSUE-941 Tmail Plugin Reporting (#1387)
linagora/tmail-backend: tmail-backend/plugins/reporting/README.md

> # TMail Reports Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mail Reports Plugin
```

> This plugin allows you to collect some info about the emails was processed by James mailet
> and provide webadmin routes to access these reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows you to collect some info about the emails are received and sent by users
and provide webadmin routes to access these reports.
```

The email information collected is:

- subject
- sender
- recipient
- date

## How to use

### Build the plugin

```shell
mvn clean install -DskipTests
```

> The jar file is located in the target folder (`./target/tmail-report-plugin-jar-with-dependencies.jar`)

Reviewer: No need jar with deoendency

### Add the plugin to the TMail server

- Moving the jar plugin to the TMail server (default path: `/root/extensions-jars/`)
- Declare the plugin in the `extensions.properties` file

```properties

> guice.extension.module=com.linagora.tmail.TMailReportModule
> guice.extension.startable=com.linagora.tmail.cassandra.CassandraMailReportGenerator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guice.extension.module=com.linagora.tmail.MailReportModule
guice.extension.startable=com.linagora.tmail.cassandra.CassandraMailReportGenerator
```

```

### Mailet configuration

> - Customize the `mailetcontainer.xml` by adding the `TMailReceivedReportRecorder` mailet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customize the `mailetcontainer.xml` by adding the `MailReportRecorder` mailet
```

  eg:

```xml

> <mailet match="HasMailAttribute=senderIsLocal" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.TMailReceivedReportRecorder">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<mailet match="HasMailAttribute=senderIsLocal" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.MailReportRecorder">
```

    <kind>SENT</kind>
    <onMailetException>ignore</onMailetException>
</mailet>
```

The mailet configuration requires the following parameters:
- `kind`: the kind of the report, which can be `SENT` or `RECEIVED`.

### Webadmin routes configuration

Declare the webadmin routes extension in the `webadmin.properties` file

```properties

> extensions.routes=com.linagora.tmail.route.TMailReportsRoute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extensions.routes=com.linagora.tmail.route.MailReportsRoute
```

```

### Access the webadmin routes to see the reports

> - URL to access the reports: `http://{webadminBaseUrl}/mu/reports/mails`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- URL to access the reports: `http://{webadminBaseUrl}/reports/mails`
```
